# Symptom and Prompt Generative Model and Analysis of LLM Responses

**Developers:** Indira Sriram (CU Anschutz Medical School) and Sriram Sankaranarayanan (CU Boulder). All queries should be sent to Sriram Sankaranarayanan.


This repository contains the code, data and  results obtained from querying four different Large Language Models (LLMs).


- `src/` directory has all the code and data.
- `src/utils.py` contains all the useful code for querying LLMs and for parsing the results. This code is repeatedly used in the notebooks.
- `src/Generate-All-Model-Comparisons.ipynb` is a jupyter notebook that has all the analysis that was performed for this project. This is a "one stop" shop that can be run to generate all the figures, plots and data used in our analysis.
- `src/Run-More-Complex-Models-*-*.ipynb` are jupyter notebooks that were used to query the LLMs and generate responses. These notebooks should not be run since they require us to setup API keys on ChatGPT and Claude. It also requires us to setup payment on these platforms. Rather the results of running are already in the files under `data/` directory.

- `src/inputs` -- the inputs that we used to generate the symptoms and code up the diagnosis results.

- `src/data/*.txt` -- these encode the symptoms that were provided for each synthetic case that was generated and the response from the corresponding LLM. The file name codes for the target diagnosis and the LLM used.


- `src/results/` -- the results from running our analyses. These can be regenerated by simply running the jupyter notebook.


